Update MinIO documentation (#585)
bitwarden/contributing-docs: docs/getting-started/clients/desktop/update.md

5.  The app should now prompt for an update.

Note: This can also be done on Mac and Linux, just use `npm run publish:mac` and
`npm run publish:lin` for steps 1 and 4.

## Staged rollouts

The process for testing staged rollouts is a bit cumbersome, as it requires updating the update
manifests and uploading them manually. The detailed steps on how to do a staged update are as
follows:

- Create and publish an update as mentioned in the previous section.
- Open the MinIO object browser and navigate to the bucket.
- Download the update manifest. This will be the file named
  `latest.yml`/`latest-mac.yml`/`latest-linux.yml`, depending on your platform.
- Open the file in your preferred editor, and add a line at the end in the format
  `stagingPercentage: X`, as shown in the image below.
  - `X` is the percentage of users that will get the update. It must be an integer greater than zero
    and equal or less than 100.
- Upload the file to the bucket again by drag-and-dropping it into the file list.

  ![](./minio-manifest-rollout.png)

When checking updates using staged rollouts, `electron-updater` will use a random persistent

> per-installation GUID and derive a rollout percentage from it. Then it will refuse to apply any

Reviewer: ```suggestion
per-installation GUID and derive a rollout percentage from it. It will then refuse to apply any
```

updates where the staging percentage in the downloaded update manifest is less than the
per-installation percentage. This randomness complicates testing, but it's possible to replace the
random GUID by a fixed one to guarantee reproducible tests:

- Navigate to the application's data folder. In Windows this is
  `C:\Users\<user>\AppData\Roaming\Bitwarden`
- Open the file called `.updaterId` in your favorite editor and replace the GUID inside by
  `c8beb766-67f5-4058-b6a1-7031fef1c31a`.
- This GUID has a rollout percentage of 99.5, which means that:
  - Using `stagingPercentage: 100` will guarantee the client is part of the staged rollout.

>   - Using any other value will guarantee the client is NOT part of the rollout.

Reviewer: Weelll you only have a 99.5% chance of this being true 🤣 

```suggestion
  - Using any other value almost guarantee the client will NOT be part of the rollout.
```

Author: Supposedly the value is rounded up to an integer before doing the calculation, but yeah better not be as absolute about it lol

## Troubleshooting

### Issues when running the publishing command

> If the publish command returns errors when uploading the artifacts, ensure the credentials were

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the publish command returns an error when uploading the artifacts, ensure the credentials were
```
